whoa Jenna hello
here I brought you some peachy keen tart
so what seems to be the problem
I seem to be pregnant congratulations
thanks but I'm not so happy about it
like everybody else might be I'm having
the baby and that's that fun
congratulations um thank you
the biggest mystery about Jenna
hunterson is how a girl this great you
should open your own passion yeah
somewhere where they could really use a
little pot shop like Europe or New
Jersey ended up with a life like this I
don't care she isn't genius
I would invent a new pie my head I hate
my husband pie I don't think we can
write that on the menu board huh are you
doing a day job thanks Jeff Jenna how
are you same train wreck how's the bad
husband excuse me I feel like I'm gonna
be sick there's a diner right near where
I grew up I had a mad crush on this
waitress you made me think of her what
things say it was a compliment nobody
ever notices me in that way I can't have
no affair because it's wrong and I don't
want Earl to kill me pie hold the banana
dear baby I hope someday somebody wants
to hold you for 20 minutes straight all
they do is wrap you up in their arms
without an ounce of selfishness to it I
find the whole meaning of life
I have a boyfriend yeah he writes me
these spontaneous poems oh my laughs a
bit heartless but you are queen about it
that nerd it does something between
doctor Anatomy adventure after many
years and lots of nothing something fun
sneaky and sexy pregnant miserable self
pity and loser pie flambe of course we
don't even know what you are deep inside
you're not just some little waitress
make the right choice start fresh ok
back to reality
I want to talk to you somewhere outside
of here maybe we could have a coffee or
so I can't have coffee it's on the bad
food list you gave me what kind of
doctor are you
[Music]